---
title: 21st FOX
subtitle: ABSTRACT
date: 2020-12-01
image:
  filename: featured.png
---
After we have clarified all the relevant parts in our company 21st Fox, we will elaborate a summary. First, as a start-up company, we have advantages and disadvantages. On the one hand, we have segmented the market, selected the target market, and found our position. We reckon that we can hold an advantage in real estate to compete with other real estate company. For instance, we use green material to build our houses, and we have the commission from ROC (renewable obligation). Meanwhile, to gain customers’ loyalty, we had shown the specific data how we reduce our pollution to environment. Even when we chose our partners and suppliers, we did focus on whether its’ green criteria meet our expectation. At that point, we think it is our tremendous advantages. On the other hand, a new company means we do have some shortages presently. We could not compete with the company that is at a maturity stage. For example, some of our financial statements have some trouble which means the result is not good, like the debt ratio, asset turnover ratio, and ROA (return on asset). The reason is that our company needs amount of money to start up, and our operating ability cannot be efficient enough to turn over. Besides, we did many short-term and long-term debt to meet our present goals, so we got a high debt ratio compared with other competitors. Furthermore, we have found our niche market in real estate, and we try to give our customers some premium to attract them. For our company’s mission is to provide a high quality of housing to our customers and offer them a reasonable price at the same time. For our company’s vision, we wish our company could develop well in the future and be one of the leaders in real estate. As a saying goes, the future belongs to those who know where they belong to. We believe that our company will succeed in the near future.